In this video we take care of now
the rear installation and what we do about it
I'll need everything right now
show we need our main turn
hector that support the hector the
rear rotor the servo bracket rod
guidance was due to horizontal linkage
and find the vertical and the fastening
Ironing for sector and of course ours
small screws bag the the
complete tail motto unit and
Check if everything is preassembled correctly
be careful that the stock exchange
easy to move back and forth
if that is not the case you can
on the rear engine shaft a small
drop fine mechanics oil attach to the
whole a bit smoother too
do
you should also screw those
check if the secured with loctite
are
that should not be the case better
but be careful that you are
not at the moving parts somewhere
so loctite around or lubricates that
the whole thing stuck together and not afterwards
more smoothly works just like that
at the main rotor applies rear rotor must
be right smoothly
I have the rotor blades here
You can fix it later
have now made it easy times equal
make sure that you do not have the
tightening must be easy
align
we take now that was rear-front
the rear one place on the one hand
little nut this will later in the
Rear part of the main ram introduced
that in the small nipples there must have
snap this little glasses in later
so now we take the first
guide and push each other
page
a go up a bit hard though
must be like that so the first one
second from the back does not play any
role where things are now sitting then that
you can change later so then
namely a salve holder
put this on the second as well
afterwards we have now
Everything on it what we need so if
you have not done that yet relaxes
screw the rear eight a bit
from the main room for the bracket
otherwise you will get problems
rear pipe right back in there too
to get
Now take the clock with the tap
you have to go back and forth a bit
wiggle
and if the front of the bracket
comes out then you are just right
and have met the tap you notice
also you can not do that afterwards
more represented so the screws can
its a bit tight there but pull
not too tight
because we still have ours
rear rotor install but next
Let's take the tail first
support and screw these already
times in the main room so that's what I have
already done but not yet
pull tight because we have to go here
afterwards our parts fix the
You can fix it as well
take on the horizontal
Fin two screws and two of them
special washers and mounted
the hedge support ever but how
said not yet tighten first
provisionally stuck
and that's how it should look like
as I said no screw from the rear
really tight because we still have the
rear rotor unit install and also
still the hack rain tension to
install the rear rotor unit
I built myself a small tool and that
I took the tubes
since I do not need it anyway and have on
one side a paperclip
bent up and these with seconds glue
So I stuck in little like that
a kind of enterhaken took it then
you hack it and that without it
he is twisted hanging on them
Paper clip on and slide the antennae
tube from behind through the rear ra
now you can front of the antennas
pull the tubes and thus the vine
Convenient to the front drive gear
move tail rotor plug on so that
we align everything later and
I do not know if you recognize that now
Now you can do the paperclip
Reopen the belt here in front
hang over the drive gear and
Although so biased that himself
the small drive gear against the
clockwise moves and your tail rotor
moves backwards to tension the
stern riems pulls her back out
this bracket just out and that
so far that you have the strap
without great effort 23 mm
could squeeze afterwards
you pull all screws
firmly and especially with them
this will be the tail rotor unit with
the tail is connected
tighten all the beautiful and loctite
do not forget
I have everything already
prepared so what means prepared
finished you can see it
Slowly our heli shapes are taking on